okay this is part two I wanted to come
back and mention if you do get a puppy
from me and you want to set it up like
this I mean I highly advise it because
if you have to go to work during the day
you can leave them in here they're used
to being in here during the day and you
know you're not gonna have accidents in
your house as they get older and it's
more engrained into their habitual
memory to use the potty box you can
expand their territory a little bit at a
time and see how they do and you know
you want to find a place to put the
potty box that you're gonna always want
to leave it there you don't want to be
moving it around because they get used
to where it's at if you move the box
they're gonna go ahead and go back to
that spot to go potty
and I wanted to add that what I do is as
needed of course is like I was talking
about how when they go potty you know
pee then it becomes sawdust well you can
take a little shovel and scrape across
the top like so and you can push the
pellets to one end for the most part and
then just scoop out the sawdust and that
way you don't have to throw out all your
good pellets then you just put the
pellets back and put some more in and
that's what I do I would say once a week
I do that maybe it depends
what else what else what else oh and I
recently got this thing right here this
is a diaper champ and I have it right
here near the pan obviously and you can
you know have a roll of toilet paper in
nearby to pick up a little poo so
they're not tricks stepping on it and
stuff and if you've never had a baby
which I hadn't so I was not hey hey hey
hey
sorry then you just put whatever in here
and you lift this poker and it pushes it
down into the bag that's down here
that's awesome I love it love it love it
and it helps to keep that odor you know
in there so I think that's it I think
I've thought of everything so